It is the Figuarts machine tracker to introduce this time
Price will be 4860 yen
The package is smaller than regular Figuarts with Kamen Rider Drive.
It is compact
If you are inside the machine cheese comes with three types of body and broken and replacement wrists
First of all, I 'm a machine tracker, but I feel a rather solid figure compared to the drive
I will
After height is smaller than the drive
It's pretty cool I a part is metallic paint of the running of the predecessor of purple after
The film is also quite finely molded night film
Please note that this antenna is a post part, so damage
The rest is the tube of the former, but it says g junction but this is the manual
Please note that it is easy to rub according to
Operation is
arm
Then I put out my legs and the parts of my waist got a bit of enema
As you can move the punishment of the lower back , you can raise it up a little by using it
But it's fuselage g junction in the same way may interfere with
You can lower it a bit by moving this
It can be moved also radiator guard and death head shoulder after how
The radiator guard is a tasted guard
But towards the right shoulder you have a radiator guard doing something even armor of the bottom that
I'm going to move a little bit plastic but it seems to be able to move
Next is the weapon break gunner and it will look like this
Blake Gunner may be interesting if you try to give to various characters
Then it is the midnight car road tire of the first score
Rider can be mounted on the drive has been fired from Laurent stride Ron
Mid- ride roadway tires
Attached to the chest will be Kamen Rider Drive Midnight Roadway
Belts and shift breaths have also changed, so it's fine.
I have been attentive, but this installation is quite detailed work and it is lost
Please be careful
That was a brief introduction to Figuarts Machine Small
Drive type
I say goodbye to Figuarts , well, I'm fine until the details of the drive
I thought it was a ready-made figure
It was cautious to have been there and stable after that, because the antenna is an imperial part
After thinking that I want it, already on TV
To be a Kamen Rider Chaser, not a machine tracker
Care for those who of Kamen Rider chaser of I Figuarts future
I think I want to do something